I told you to call me.
But you didn't give me an answer.
I'm getting kicked out of the dorm today.
It's not that
I miss you.
In case he runs towards Mount Ogong,
you and Dong-jae
should head toward the dorm.
Yes, sir.
We need to capture him.
But if you're about to lose him,
you're allowed to kill him. Over.
-Have you all filled your glasses?
-Yes!
To our Yeong-ro's future!
-To her future!
My goodness, Yeong-ro.
You won't have a curfew anymore.
I'm jealous.
-I'm jealous too.
-You're free now.
Bye, Yeong-ro.
Why don't we leave here too?
-I can't believe you said that.
-What?
By the way,
has anyone been to Munhwa Coffee Shop?
-Munhwa Coffee Shop?
-I went there!
For a blind date. And the guys there
looked so handsome.
And he asked me out!
Yeong-ro!
Yeong-ro…
She's not actually going anywhere.
Don't cry.
I TOLD YOU TO CALL ME
BUT YOU DIDN'T GIVE ME AN ANSWER
I'M GETTING KICKED OUT OF THE DORM TODAY
IT'S NOT THAT I MISS YOU
BUT I WANT TO SEE YOU ONCE MORE
Hey!
What a pervert.
Where do you think you're peeping?
That punk.
Are you a pervert?
Peeping into a women's university?